- awww , that a bummer . you shoulda get david carr of third day to do it . ; d 
be upset that he can updat his facebook by text it ... and might cri as a result school today also . blah ! 
i dive mani time for the ball . manag to save % the rest go out of bound 
my whole bodi feel itchi and like it on fire 
no , it not behav at all . i mad . whi be i here ? becaus i can see you all over there . 
not the whole crew 
need a hug 
hey long time no see ! yes .. rain a bit , onli a bit lol , i fine thank , how you ? 
nope they do have it 
que i muera ? 
spring break in plain citi ... it snow 
i just re - pierc my ear 
i could bear to watch it . and i think the ua loss be embarrass . . . . . 
it it count , idk whi i do either . you never talk to i anymor 
i would be the first , but i do have a gun . not realli though , zac snyder just a doucheclown . 
i wish i get to watch it with you ! ! i miss you and how be the premier ? ! 
holli ' death scene will hurt i sever to watch on film wri be director cut not out now ? 
about to file taxi 
ahh i ve alway want to see rent love the soundtrack ! ! 
oh dear . be you drink out of the forget tabl drink ? 
i be out most of the day so do get much do 
one of my friend call i , and ask to meet with she at mid valley today ... but i no time * sigh * 
i bake you a cake but i ate it 
this week be not go as i have hope 
blagh class at tomorrow 
i hate when i have to call and wake peopl up 
just go to cri myself to sleep after watch marley and i . 
i m sad now 
ooooh .... lol that lesli .... and ok i will do it again so lesli will get mad again 
meh ... almost lover be the except ... this track get i depress everi time . 
hack my account on aim now i have to make a new one 
i want to go to promot gear and groov but unforn no ride there i may b go to the one in anaheim in may though 
think sleep in be an option tomorrow but realiz that it now be not . evalu in the morn and work in the afternoon ! 
awe i love you too ! ! ! ! be here i miss you 
i cri my asian eye to sleep at night 
ok i sick and spend an hour sit in the shower caus i be too sick to stand and hold back the puke like a champ . bed now 
ill tell ya the stori later not a good day and ill be workin for like three more hour ... 
sorri ! bed time come here ( ) 
i do either . it depress . i do think i even want to know about the kid in suitcas . 
bed . class - . work - . gym - or . then class - . anoth day that go to fli by . i miss my girlfriend 
realli do feel like get up today ... but get to studi to for tomorrow practic exam ... 
he the reason for the teardrop on my guitar the onli one who have enough of i to break my heart 
sad , sad , sad . i do know whi but i hate this feel i wanna sleep and i still can ! 
awww i soo wish i be there to see you final comfort ! i m sad that i miss it 
fall asleep . just hear about that traci girl bodi be find . how sad my heart break for that famili . 
yay ! i happi for you with your job ! but that also mean less time for i and you ... 
just check my user timelin on my blackberri , it look like the twank be still happen be ppl still have prob bgs and uid ? 
oh man ... be iron fave top to wear to a meet . burn it 
be strang sad about lilo and samro break up . 
oh ! i so sorri i do think about that befor retweet . 
broadband plan ' a massiv broken promis ' via still wait for broadband we be 
wow , ton of repli from you , may have to unfollow so i can see my friend ' tweet , you scroll the feed a lot . 
our duck and chicken be take wayyy too long to hatch 
put vacat photo onlin a few yr ago . pc crash , and now i forget the name of the site . 
i need a hug 
not sure what they be , onli that they be po ! as much as i want to , i do not think can trade away compani asset sorri andi ! 
i hate when that happen ... 
i have a sad feel that dalla be not go to show up i got to say though , you think more show would use music from the game . mmm 
ugh .... degre tomorrow 
where do u move to ? i think u be alreadi in sd . ? ? hmmm . random u find i . glad to hear yer do well . 
i miss my , it out of commiss wutcha play ? have you cop ' blood on the sand ' ? 
just leav the park lot of work ! 
the life be cool . but not for i . 
sad though , i never get to experi the post coitus cigarett befor , and now i never will . 
i have such a nice day . too bad the rain come in tomorrow at am 
too bad i will be around i lose my job and can even pay my phone bill lmao aw shuck 
damm back to school tomorrow 
mo job , no money . how in the hell be min wage here clam an hour ? 
not forev ... see you soon ! 
agre , i see the failwhal allllll day today . 
oh ! haha ... dude i do not realli look at em unless someon say hey i add you . sorri i so terribl at that . i need a pop up ! 
i sure you right ... i need to start work out with you and the nikster ... or jar at least ! 
i realli hate how peopl diss my band ! trace be clear not ugli ! 
gym attir today be : puma singlet , adida short ....... and black busi sock and leather shoe lucki do not run into ani cute girl . 
whi will you show my locat ? ! 
no picnic my phone smell like citrus . 
my donkey be sensit about such comment . nevertheless , he ( and ) be glad to see your mug asap . charger be still awol . 
no new csi tonight . fml 
i think my arm be sore from tenni 
wonder whi someon that u like so much can make you so unhappi in a split seccond . depress . 
sleep soon ... i just hate say bye and see you tomorrow for the night . 
just get ur newslett , those fare realli be unbeliev , shame i alreadi book and pay for mine 
missin ' the boo 
i too # itm 
damn ... i do have ani chalk ! my chalkboard be useless 
have a blast at the getti villa , but hate that she have a sore throat all day . it just get bad too 
hey miss ya at the meet sup mama 
my tummi hurt . i wonder if the hypnosi have anyth to do with it ? if so , it work , i get it , stop smoke ! ! ! 
whi be it alway the fat one ? ! 
sorri , babe ! ! my fam annoy i too . thank , they asleep right now . muahaha . * evil laugh * 
i should have pay more attent when we cover photoshop in my webpag design class in undergrad 
wednesday my b - day ! do know what do ! ! 
poor cameron ( the hill ) 
pray for i pleas , the ex be threaten to start sh * * at my / our babi birthday parti . what a jerk . and i still have a headach 
hmm , do u realli enjoy be with he ? if the problem be too constant u should think thing more , find someon ulik 
strider be a sick littl puppi 
so ryle , grace ... wana go steve parti or not ? ? sad sinc it easter i wnt b abl do much but ohh well ..... 
hey , i actual win one of my bracket pool ! too bad it be the one for money 
you do follow i , either and i work for you ! 
a bad nite for the favorit team : astro and spartan lose . the nite out with . be good . 
bodi of miss northern calif . girl find : polic have find the remain of a miss northern california girl .. 
i hope they will increas the capac fast , yesterday be such a pain . get the fail whale time in hour .... 
behind on my class for work 
watch & ; 
rememb my bum leg ? strike back this time it serious 
cool , i will . their be all kind of complaint about this laptop onlin about overheat , but no recal 
emili will be glad when mommi be do train at her new job . she miss she . 
would rather the first parti send bad messag than the parti send mix one sophmor you all over again ? 
it overr 
i know ! i hear it this afternoon and wonder the same thing . moscow be so behind the time 
lay in bed with no voic .. 
i sooo sad ! ! ! they kill off kutner on hous whyyyyyyyy 
sorri tell they mea culpa from i and that i realli be sorri . 
it do make ani sens to i , the suicid thing . i refus to believ that that be actual what happen . 
hope your ok . 
damn ! the grind be inspir and sadden at the same time . do want you to stop cuz i like what u do ! much love 
yeah aw but i know i wudnt stand a chanc 
ugh . can not sleep . it . 
hang in crooner . wanna sing . can . suck . 
aaw i miss you all too .. i m leav to bh tomorrow & ; i think .. aww i wanna go to the beach w u girl ! ! 
be piss off that there no asba for a radio station . 
wednesday my b - day n do know what do ! 
i know my life have be flip upsid down when i just think in my head that some raman sound good . 
i be in pain . my back and side hurt . not to mention cri be make of fail . 
late night snack , glass of oj b / c i & with the ; , then back to sleep ... ugh i hate get sick ... 
but .. but .. but .. i not a big fan on camilla bell 
wah i can see clip , must be el - stupido work filter . can wait ' till i get a ' puter . someth els blame ex . he break mine 
this week just seem to get long and long in term of how much i need to do .. and how much i actual go to get do 
i so cold 
ehhh do . weather go to take a turn for the ugli tomorrow 
haha it so cooooold in the d ! and no but you should still go to the show . they do some incred stuff 
hope the tummi rumbl go away soon 
_ no , no notic . they tell i i be work tomorrow , and then i call the agenc to follow up and they say it be over . 
almost bedtim 
i miss you babe .. but as long as your aliv i happi .. yawwwnn .. i tire my love imma tri to sleep hope you have a headstart 
agh ... snow ! ! ! 
i miss kenni power 
thank you for let peopl know , but now i sad that the direct messag i get be actual from bridget 
... and , india miss out it test victori n consecut win without a loss . 
i guess that a no then . 
sad be go to bed . 
shame to hear this stephan 
hey ! i leavin in the morn ... 
be intend to finish edit my - page novel manuscript tonight , but that will probabl not happen . and onli page be leav 
lay around too much today ... now my head hurt 
i still have read the princess diari save francesca make i cri at the end . hmm those be easi book . 
my nokia die .. 
my mom might have breast cancer will find out anyth for . like a week i so worri ! 
go to sleep . hope tomorrow be a well day . 
lol .. wish they understand daylight save have end though and breakfast be an hour later they keep wake the kid up too 
that be lame 
i do understand ... i realli do 
hero just be do it for i this season ... 
live not downtown sure be much fun . 
not calori wise i wish junk food be calori free ! i eat a thing of sour skittl and a big ass cherri coke ! 
man work be hard 
get sick time for some hot tea , studi , and then sleeeep 
get eyebrow wax . more pain 
no phantasi star yesterday go to work ... 
oh - just get all my macheist app - sweet . do get the espresso serial no though although they say they send it - oh well 
pick mich st to win it all from the get go . be feel pretti good about that pick all the way up until ...... tonight . a lose too 
be alon downstair ... work 
i feel bad for do it 
be it just i , or she hate anoop . i mean serious , she kinda mean to he . 
yes sprint have g onli in baltimor and chicago so far 
i stuck awak in the middl of the night for the second day in a row . and i feel terribl yesterday . 
thank for burst my bubbl 
go to school soon ... can find anyth to wear ! ! gosh it so hard 
i be serious lol 
i have on my page for sooooo long ! ! ! until it got delet sad day in histori 
crazi wind today no bird 
current at work .. 
grrr .. my ipod act weird too ! jai ho and think of you be play the full song .. ughh . 
send i the dvd cos i have miss out on heap not happi about that ! 
i do see the big deal with this websit 
i so sorri you have to go through this . again . # therapyfail 
far too out of the way for rail . ani other tip ? 
i not still up i swear . whi do i keep lose . gain . lose . gain . tweep ? so heart wrench . 
today i realiz i be too good at hide thing , even i can find it 
stay at a friend hous ... hous sit , neighbor be so loud - have a parti 
danni i m upset that i be not here to watch the live chat i be in a car . for hour on a trip i m soooo upset ! ! 
check out my mug 
border close at 
download nin new album & ; - when the hell do this come out ? i so behind the time these day 
just wake up an alreadi have write some e - mail ... i to go earli at univers today as i have to teach at am ! 
be watch the hill . . it make i sad 
so mani channel .... yet so so bore ... lazi day again may have to find a hobbi 
i miss my buddi ill be in ny on the 
love the french . i tell peopl here in the south i qtr . french and they snarl at i . french be beauti peopl 
opp .. as i say .. i still get one day remain and now problem come 
i activ my selfcontrol block earli , mean i can check out the new qc . regular my intern clock be might be difficult . # fb 
oh no 
spencer be not a good guy . 
what about rees die on # ttsc ? and season final next week . # bore , madam presid be a crazi woman . 
i hate the limit letter , you and the guy be pray for my dog , not well 
do get shit do today i so screw 
wanttss to go out 
be not go to sleep tonit . 
too worri and tire to post tonight 
could get shit do today i so screw 
job interview in cardiff today , wish i luck ! get about hour sleep 
your show be whack . way bad than whack , it wiggeti - whack . :* ( :* (: * ( 
i realli do think peopl choos to be that way . but i think he choos not to accept my famili help he might be dead by now 
you go to kill i , but i not see . i be wait till i can do it in one solid week sit . 
i think ur right ! ! hahaha ! ! hrs now ! ! 
i hate to see the spartan so sad 
my mind and bodi be sever protest this & ; thing . have nightmar to boot 
i to follow u , sinc u do lol go angel ! 

i think i want to read some book but the librari do have they 
my nap be interrupt so mani time today go out for japanes with the ' rent again ... 
kind of long for the bus that show up at the end of ghost world right now . ugh . 
but this be canada canada be weird . we suppos to get snow through wednesday . ugh . 
awwh bab ... you look so sad underneith that shop entranc of & ; : i like the look of the new transform movi 
sad that the ' foot ' of my macbook just fall off 
i go to get up late tomorrow and it here . i go to get tipsi by my lonesom . ... that just sad 
i sweat my forthcom trip to . if i can find someon to crash with while i out there , i may be screw . 
have now get somebodi to read his tweet , but can not get they to make an account . 
omgawd i could not handl my cat be in heat all the time d : d : 
i hope i can make it to the auburn show . but it not look good for i 
* that s peopl mag haha i could not fit it all in .. i do not think those pictur ever make it in the magazin tho ! haha 
congrat ! ! i total forget to submit photo 
awww , good luck paula ! ! pleas do work too hard but i hope you have fun your new album be go to be amaz ! xxx 
now your leav i .... 
i miss you twitter . my phone broke , now i use a stupid nokia phone . ughhh , i miss my advanc phone . 
shoot outsid my hous not kid ! so scare 
start with reflect then a lectur in stress reduc techniqu . that sure might becom veri use for we accompani 
what tragedi and disast in the news this week 
yes yes still tri to find a pictur that will upload correclti .. 
whi oh whi be the red sox game rain out ? i be so look forward to open day 
i still can find my key . 
i know right . i dunno what be go on with twitter . 
might be get a sore throat again 
my home town . my mammi call all depressd . pls explain y a parent let their old child walk alon ? hello ? it ! 
- i think i need to find well anti - depress . i think this paxil / wellbutrin combo be lose it efficaci . 
restaur call woodntap have competit eat tourney round tourney time . we place 
be in the bathroom ... wake up lakin . 
i want taco and margarhita telll gay i say 
i m lone keep i compani ! femal , california 
bad day at the betfair offic 
i miss he . can wait to celebr the tar heel win this weekend though ! ! 
i realli cold . i do want to go to sleep yet but there noth to do 
be this it u ? it ' offici over ' i this go round ! 
monkey ? ? ? i just find out you my twin and you will not even write back . i heartbroken 
aww i know i feel like that yesterday at work 
treati be defin 
miss brent at prais band . no fun to not have the your lead guitarist . & ; 
poor john this be what happen when you play with fruit and a microwav ! serious though have you see a doctor ? ? xxx 
miss my bff watch home and away it remind i of she and i we & it . shout out to u court 

new video card be doa . 
feel lose , nake and confus ( jk , sort ..... no iphon for i . 
damn i be so late at fill this apprais form , peopl have almost send it .. i be so occupi in work 
miss brent at prais band . no fun to not have your lead guitarist . & ; 
i think to much on the past . i can not chang it . i deserv so much more then wat i get . .. but whi be i still think about he gah 
have lose his ring . it no - where to be see 
ooooooh ! * sealclap * see , i download shitload of zip folder off . i have no internet money . fuck yeah alicia & amp ; mikey . 
be still nurs my nile but glad he be feel well . i hate when my babi be sick 
be fuck to go back to ic 
yoyoyo . my internet have be rude tonight . it just reconnect and i about to go to bed . 
well i have uni stuff and netbal but after netbal if i do uni stuff we can 
i too i be poor 
help i forget april & amp ; juli ! 
dierk bentley be comin ' to columbus , oh ! ! i wanna go so bad 
i have to take my sidekick back . 
congrat ! i total jealous ! onli wish my xm be work 
t my face be veri itchi 
poor sock luvvvvv the golden retriev ! ! i want one sighhhh 
i just see that they find that traci girl in a piec of luggag ... how fuck terribl 
aaaaand the nausea be back . 
ooh excit and not even go be there long love youtub ! 
spend hour to reach to axi bank onli to find out today be holiday for mahavir jayanti contd .. 
i agre ... the jobro do not updat there s veri often 
it be hilari and i link the clip from lj some time ago but when i go back just now it be a dead link 
oooooooo who with ? ( i m not neither but that s becaus i need to studi ) 
have tweet you all day post my websit tonight , hope that go well night time ! 
i miss bentley 
serious need to finish these job applic 
my son vinca be sick , so i stay at home just three tens day at work , and i be back on holiday with kid 
whing . my do understand english well . rewrot some text unread . it write by good correct . 
i do want he to ever punch i . 
sooo sick of the snow ughh 
------- 
it do work your fan be upset 
i would like to apolog for the repeat video game live relat tweet . i be go to have a stern discuss with koodo soon . stern . 
but i can not figur out how to get there / back / pay for a hotel etc 
fml : so much for senior , bc of technolog inept , i now have to & ; for class again 
feel like she sleep the day away . not look forward to ani more bout with my gallbladd . at least i have pill now for the pain . 
but what i realli want be my old bass back 
mad tire today ... callin it in earli tonight nighti night twitta 
: take it easi , and be good to you . 
i afraid i have bad code . 
think i go to bed . goodniight . i hate this 
i here , friend , and i love you . 
all this time you do notic i be go ... just need be it ? ? 
be in the bathroom and i have to pee ! 
but i want a margarita too ! 
yup night workout r the bad but unfortunet my work schedul onli allow i to go at night it tough ! 
just call hillsong again - they say they could tell i where i be on the wait list - i do know if it look so good 
have g of milki bar leav , and around of coke 
it stillllll have arriv 
mraow , i feel like danc , but first art school want to rape i some more . 
ah ! i bet it do i be like crave to play softbal or basketbal ! ! ! but i have noo time 
be terrifi she accident delet a refer in her manag assign and hope she do not get in troubl when she get back 
amazon plugin not work in my websit . it need php . but my host provid have onli php . veri sad . 
argh ! i be suuuper sleepi an hour ago , now i wide awak . hope i do stay up all night . :-/ 
i wish i be ! sell out if you have some time let i know , i would love to hear more about what you be up to ! 
just watch tropic thunder . dread tomorrow 
no ... he still ... 
chiefdelphi be down 
- accord to my bro , our new puppi have a poo fight and be cover in poop ( pictur steal from he ) 
play game at home ! my new boss do call i yet ... 
su yin huen tweet i feel unbear guilt . i make my staff cri t 
poor joshi be sick ? ? ? those damn tejano ! 
my thought be with sandra cantu famili at this difficult and sad time 
i know , just want to let everybodi know what be happen 
michigan who ? i do know they . * sigh * shame ! 
i have to fill two hour 
so cuuut ! hey , i miss you na ! it not the same not see you girl everyday 
oh ! do i mention it ? & ; from germani ! i m back in my cage .... or well ... my offic 
throat be close up and i have some string chees . not a good idea 
aww , sandra cantu be find dead in a suitcas miss child stori never seem to go good . poor famili . 
wish i be home underneath my cover 
walk home from school drain all my energi 
i agre . the shapeshift be a copout . i be so excit for angela ep , i think it be this week . noah be awesom tho ! 
dang ! i would have do this if i know it be there earli . ani other outing plan ? 
i wish i be well at write . it take i so long to write this paper . 
.. and of cours ... i have access to my halo mythic map pack re - download .. but bad news .. not the legendari map pack ... ugh .. ... 
... not yet unfortun , anoth few week i be tell how be you ? i be a littl bit busi with my late project . 
ha the sun alreadi go 
day . a lot hard than day . let see how day go tomorrow . 
my man crush jake peavi let i down # gayforpeavi 
megafast trip , you have time dure day tom / wed ? or , you go out tonight ? want to see you bad . tri to warn you , tech fail 
michigan state you make i sad 
omg . my mouth be in so much pain i just wanna sleep until it time to take my brace off . 
get annoy easili today & ; biofuel propos : get annoy easili today & ; biof .. 
hey girl . the site be back . girlyvu be back and they have even more video . 
i spend time with my grandma earli tomorrow and i can leav skittl by herself . 
just get home from watch michigan state get tromp ! 
oh jew - bus ! two year worth of class ' work be alot to organ & ; i not finish tonight , it not possibl ... my bone ach 
no exchang for i , my laptop have arriv 
i hope this do last too long . i feel miser ! 
rachel ! hang outag be neccessari - i be go to be home this wekend but dumb folk make i work so i m free f and sit until ... 
not fun & amp ; furious ? the new mantra for the bay breaker ? it be get citi overreact & amp ; clamp down 
my hubbi ( for some reason ) think it more import he have a good spot for red carpet for the trek movi premier . sod ! 
i swear no matter how long i be get up at am , it never get ani easi . man my eye hurt wah 
jeffre ! how do you keep your hair one color ? my perman dye fade within the week 
my reaction too whoa , do see that come 
still sick . feel a bit well , get some new medicin .... hope i feel good after a night of sleep . ohh , and it suppos to snow ! wtf ! 
i think mayb you should get a coupl more hour of sleep , hon . how product can you be right now if ur dog tire ? i worri 
thank a lot . learn a lot of new word but do find what i be look for . 
wish i have all the xblm download all on the gamertag ' hitokyri ' . this gamertag thing be nonsens ... and i tire of it 
new testament test at am 
ton no hay troll ? ahhhh 
stupid movi we watch ... mirror ugggggh ... stooopee ! ! ! rip off ! 
- i love you , buck . 
last one ! ! ! but still not do ! ! ! 
homework .... 
i do understand whi thing get take away . i do have enough time with he it unfair . i want he back ! ! he be like my babi 
scratch that : du in heif ( two in a half ) cooki . my tum just can take anymor shoog . poot 
i be just listen to the sweet for the first time in forev ! i miss they so much can we go to chi town for visit plz ? 
geez what a busi afternoon . meet , email , meet and email and more meet . pm and the day be still go ! ah it dark and 
dang ! ! ! anoth spring break ! ! ! how cool be that ? ? ? too bad i have to work all week oh well , more money for a phone . ttyl everbodi ! ! ! 
i m afraid too ( ur repli about uni from age ago 
feel down 
lol they be some emot ass man ! ! omg all this late night eat .. both of we be break 
aww nick ! ! i like your hair long , whi do you cut it off ? break . my . heart . 
wonder if jon lose the net 
wow . the most depress thing in the world be lose a video that you creat in a matter of second . # fml 
but all say not in stock 
lmao i m sorri poohpot i eat it all ! 
ani chanc softbelli ( for ) be loud ? 
time to move my posterior and lose some fat . my articul be creak so no more run but drool for some swim 
listen to nathan cri .... 
today suck . i go to die without chris and callum ! wahhh ! 
stou site not updat , no info about exam , and open cours , i must wait for mail notic and doc . um ... 
... sorri . i feel kinda yucki myself . am be go to come too quick 
be in love with scrappi and be missin he alreadi 
want to hear song but myspac be mess with i 
bad news be dad have cancer and be die good news new busi start and i be now a life coach practis holist weight manag 
man ... intervent be soo sad 
help ! i need a new boyfriend ... i stuck in a rut 
i feel like a complet idiot . i the onli one who do get how this shit work help i 
see an ad on craigslist for a cast call for a femal host on . i be total psych ! but realiz it be a hoax 
pepperoni roll in . ? : i call valentino - they say that they have sausag roll but no pepperoni roll 
yes , it will be . it onli monday 
i want the new gg episod alreadi 
i miss watch rocko modern life . 
rip sandra .... it so sad how can someon do someth like that ? ? 
keep my finger cross for my buddi he be not feel well . 
wait should i eat ? ? or be skinni for vega ! ! i hungri ! 
i tri tweetdeck onc and i hate it with a passion . or it hate i , i not sure ... 
btw my iphon be act funni , die quick and freez and bs . i not admit anyth , just sayin 
sit here wonder whi & ; still have such a strong hold on i 
i m sorri i get you sick . lol . go to bed too . night ! 
no internet at home , have to drive into ox to use internet becaus of builder ! 
the weather in canada be freez 
twiggassssssss i be out of rang all day i back now and hope for good . 

anyon who read this pray for my grandma . she in pain 
# wake up and be have an accid - & push , it ; he be cri becaus he could stop from wet his pant . 
home from franklin street , i almost jump over a fire . someon kick it befor i could . jenni lose her shoe . 
hey ! you just chang your default . 
final give in and be bore enough to start this thing . i think the be go to be a problem for i tho . it like a myspac status . 
if oooon we be realli so lucki , eh ? and awh definit too earli for work . 
buttload of homework ! 
need anoth copi of visual studio 
whi to we , the onli school in the world , be in this school be silli anyway ... look on the bright side . when i off , u will be in 
omg i an econom test . and i do not know all the thing i have to know and omg i m go to fail 
onc upon a time hundr island be the pride of philippin tourism , but coral / clam / rare fish poach do it in . kinda sad 
yeah , appar i have realli bad tast 
i know ! i be realli surpris sinc everyon recommend they on youtub . i have to call they tomorrow and figur it all out . 
wait at the airport for my ride while i get harass by man tri to sell i ugli hat .. whi i ? ! i just want to sleep .. 
i leav my id at the locat and now i can not go out to bar fuckkkkkkkkkkkkk 
i sorri i do understand your last comment 
when be the announc ? i stay up late last night 
this be strang , illeg torrent avlbl everywher , legal dvd not in stock what do i do now ? ? ? 
it not enough to say that imiss u 
this trolley have up pack in like sardin ! padr game and they remov a car ? ! good call mts 
jeez , i be just tri to help haha . 
that happen to i saturday night . along with my glitteri green light ! 
tri to reduc the number of cigarett in each day ! 
yea it be so quiet around here cuz everyon have to work i m bore to death with nobodi to talk to 
got to do my cook assign it too hard 
okay , about the applepear , i talk to a few peopl and they all have they befor . no one ever tell i , never 
i know ! i a night owl by natur , hahaha be i a time zone behind you ? it almost here 
lol - nope ! but i do have complet # camerafail 
but ! i useless if i do sleep it not fair ! i want all the fun as well ! ! ! 
my pooki have a uti . i have to be nurs gabbi and get he back to % ! ! ! no more soda ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
tweet someth damn it ! and hang out with i pleas ? 

i so behind in video game , and everyth for that matter . i yesterday news 
i do , it be the onli one leav but i got tempt and eat it soon as i get home i have a chocol velvet & amp ; eat d mocha 
be stress out becaus my blackberri keep flash a red alert status for no reason ! ! it fake i out and i hate it ! ! ! 
- i wanna wear my doc marten out ! have wear they sinc decemb . 
when to the shoe repair shop and the guy could not find my shoe ! so i have to go back and see if he can find they in a coupl day . 
i do not realli see that come 
just wake up from the most vivid , sketchi , not - cool dream of my life . time to stare at the wall with the light on . 
it take day for my sister to get her passport 
oh my yes ! ! i miss 
uh oh ... i think i be get sick 
good god they ruin my belli button ! ! ! 
watch who frame roger rabbit . make i miss toon town . 
rent .. but veri cheap rent , and awesom hous . we have buy attempt fall through 
run nose spin head not a good combin for a meet ! 
negat .. you lose my vote of confid 
nasti budget due and my iphon be be send to appl today . 
bad 
dammit , episod of king will play for some reason stop in the middl now will do anyth 
i so upset that i miss my chat and quiz onlin becaus my free internet have ceas 
can believ it ! i in disbelief of it all in a way realli . how much can i take from peopl and alway get hurt by other ! ! 
car show season have start without i 
my throat be raw . 
i just do get it . what in a person mind could even have they on some ish like this ? ? ? my prayer be with her fam for real 
i hate you . i do need to see that . i need to call my therapist now . 
twilight do come yesterday finger cross for today 
glad i be abl help you feel well . i hate to see you sick love you ! 
be tireddddddd . want to sleep but i have an assign to finish and an exam tomorrow to studi for 
you know , i be think ... i need money 
omg .. it jst teusday 
ummmmm i can not find it . 
just hear that they find sandra cantu ... she be onli yr old 
i ve forget how to snoo - snoo i wonder if snoo - snoo and i will ever meet again ... 
wow that last tweet make i seem like a giant sexist ... sorri about that 
my bathtub drain be fire : it haz job do , & amp ; it iz fail . i get all drano on it ass , & amp ; iz still not drain . i wanna shower , dangit ! ! 
stick at home 
mine be how do you get it up ? 
duckl in famous child book steal from boston public garden - the boston globe via oh no ! ! 
thank you ! howev , i hate to be on the same list that includ convict . 
head to altrincham , again ! out of hour instal 
morn ! ! ! good i m bloodi knacker ! ! ! work be not for i today helppp ! ! ! ! xxx 
i do have a garag . but you can park in my driveway ! 
what happen ? 
& popular ; by be probabl the most difficult read ever prescrib , i actual struggl to continu 
- can not see the flower fall i do not have a camera , just my cellphon 
we be good . i not like the snow right now , be get use to the nice spring - like weather . how about you ? 
what a piti youtub be current block in china . i can see the vid . 
what happen to your show it be the hightlight of my life 
this be the good leather sofa in the world ! it in the offic though which mean i still here work 
still more day until my internet get uncap 
if he do get well in a few day , he could have someth lodg in his belli 
i love my atekinzz so much . & ; i soo miss she .. 
i wanna sneak into the zoo and play with the kitti 
oh no hope you not get sick too ! 
i do not think i can caus it my cousin birthday parti 
our sweet littl man just fall asleep while wait up for daddi and big brother to get home ! poor babi , he miss they so much today ! 
the angel be go to miss the athlet this weekend 
trust be hard 
have watch that consid today . yaknow . shawnna need my bestfriend 
grr i want to keep read but if i do i will not have anyth leav to read 
atekinzz , where in the world be you ? ? 
no ! u suppos to be my date 
pear & amp ; brie , bottl of cabernet , and & a date with tad ; ... oh gawwd my life flash forward to when i with my cat 
crap . i need more dress too . 
yeah ! i know ! it be horribl ! ! ! ! ugh . sadden . 
geez ur no fun be you 
i wanna be in a punk rock band again 
that a lot of angst for a tuesday afternoon 
i veri glad britney be crazi anymor ! that be one hell of a show ! now i sad that it over . next up ... ap at cook counti ! 
have a huuug headach ! omg i feel like crap ! 
sorri 
sorri ... i be root for they too ... 
man , that take forev . 
i see . 
i be list more item on ebay to sell ! take forev .. meanwhil coleman be watch the hill season premier without i .. 
just get my present do , slide do ... i cri for this week will be the hard of all week . 
just lose 
i do like the previous on skin thing that start at season two . i like it when it go straight into the intro like befor 
... i wish i be there ... pretti good at scare the shit out of peopl 
go to sound vain ... but run out of my fav lip gloss 
never again will i click on a link that scream , & a spider , i a ; . i should have know well . yucki 
whi be that when you have time off from work you get sick ? 
same imac come out more in indonesia than the state . 
dammit ... i need to stop buy furnitur 
no i be half asleep and turn off the laptop after that 
death be peac , life howev , bite 
i think lose the net ? sure hope not 
, , and - test footag with my girlfriend ( in hd ) the dark one be underxpos 
such a tough game to watch tonight for state final go to bed after also stay up to watch the season premier of the hill ! 
seem jrubi support for hpricot be now two version behind 
unlik my sister ... i still do have one 
frake app store be piss i off 
log out . i need to studi .... 
anyon els have problem access ttb ? ? ? i can not get on ! ! ! 
i strong dislik peopl who make stupid comment and do not know the whole stori 
i sorri emma , be swarley a goldfish ? i sad for 
all my tweet be alreadi go , be they miss you guy tonight . 
can sleep again . face be kinda swollen . do let i be allerg to the thing that get i to thursday . school tomorrow ? doubt . 
if izzi on the cat tree , she stare he down , but if she on the floor , he chase and she run . 
i be offici ban from my comp . my head hurt from the small print and i wast that could happili go to boba 
pretti much just scari for i 
mine too ... i find it well hard to get fit ... 
good morn ! readi go , but i want go back bed 
hate wait for mail 
wheat bread from the dollar store just do toast nice go over my taxi and call it an earli night 
whi kutner ? i mean i know someth be go to happen to someon but it be so sad . i & hous and it be well do , but i still sad 
aw ok goonit .... 
ill so i can not go to the cinema ! ! 
fall asleep . . . realli do mean too * christina * 
hey , you rememb that time we use to be friend ? ? ;) ugh . vomit . sick . i need sleep 
my lymph node be as massiv as rahm emanuel ball right now 
oh no my comput suck . i do think i be abl to listen to the xbox fancast tonit 
be miss play my trumpet 
my throat be still realli sore . i be mean to be go on a day camp from friday but not so sure now 
i know exact how you feel ! 
at work 
well bed time now . am . * sigh * back to am morn for a week on wednesday . 
jesus camp ? yeah ... 
oh no ! with everyth that happen today , i forget we be go dress shop for the opera tomorrow . 
turtl be well than my mac - last long and move fast 
i be soak . this be not pleasant 
sorri to hear about maggi . thought to your mum . 
, you may have to email this one to i i hope you feel well . 
dead @ yu gettin on wen i m leavin 
pleas tell i that somewher close to california ! ! ! lol ! 
where be you ? 
stupid arrang marriag ... i convert so you can marri i ... love you ! 
well he say that he be a loos , and that be what the show impli 
poor sandra cantu & amp ; the cantu famili ! my prayer go out to they ! what a sick world we live in . she be onli 
fuck omg austin alway there though man & love you 
i cri so hard when matthew die 
sad that the ' foot ' of my macbook just fall off : sad that the ' foot ' of my macbook just fall off 
- whi be i the last to find out about these thing ? like that you on the twitter too . 
absolut not ! ! 
- fill with curri the true indian in i be come out 
i m soooo cold right now 
lol i kant believ cam got beat upp sooo embarasssiiiin 
good knight hun ! look forward to ur tweet again ! hate that i keep miss out on the fun cuz of the time differ 
tumblr : this be exact how it feel wear a 
hahaa ! ! i just realiz & ; definit be not the word i want ... dang . i so unclev . 
watch old video of danc team and such ... make i miss it 
wahh no csi anywher ! i love money though - go to watch it then sleep - goodnight 
struggl hard with inventori 
do you hate we ? ? pleas do 
haha i m not that ballin . i still get bill to paaaaay 
i in one of those day when i realli just want to work from home . crap . 
wait ... be it a game or just episod ? i so confus . 
haha . i cri ... i guess he do .... 
i do get statist ! it all a bunch of mumbo jumbo for i . 
get it , sad , onli work for uk & amp ; we at the moment 
evict 
do enjoy learn css . 
brian do make i fuck u up lol i repli ur messag ... do u get my # ? i miss u 
i it and go to watch it , appar the dish network go down so i miss it i will have to catch a rerun ! 
lmao . u may have to wait for anoth season to come thru . it summ boo . hot nd dri ass weather 
i can set my foot on the ground . the miss eyelid peopl might get i ! 
my english professor would be asham . 
[ ] i wish the frog be becom extinct 
come home from cross counti , tire as 
i do want to walk home in this snow . who want to pick i up ? 
lauren be be stubborn . she love you , you love she . i feel so bad for you , though . it make i cri lol ! 
be grouchi . and want bmar 
my heart be break everi morn drop foo at pre school , now i understand when mom say & have my heart ; . 
not feel well and back hurt 
i m in the mood for some chocol . i want ..... miniatur rees cup . now 
i can take this heat ! it like an oven in here . i feel sick nwo 
come to the chat just minut pleas ? 
boredd . colddd internet keep stuff up 
i have a horribl nightmar last night which affect my sleep , now i realli tire 
i m lone keep i compani ! femal , new york 
lose and it be st . ignacius prepatori school . haha . 
yeah it be realli depress ... stuff like that get to i 
no problem , tongu - in - cheek remark . lot of acronym , but no nz 
hey you say matt be go to go all ballist ... i be disappoint good ep tho most 
ugh horribl end to the sandra kantu stori prayer go out . 
- i hate b allerg i want a puppi soo bad that i alreadi think some cool name 
morn folk am .. yawn ! up & amp ; away to see to hors - hope twitter be well behav today ! last night be a travesti 
i miss mine too ! 
sorri to hear about your loss . there have be mani this year so far . 
gossip girl be a repeat 
i reckon 
find it realli hard to use twitter 
i be stick in this hous for two day 
be realli sad and do realli know y ! ! ? ? ! ! ! 
no 
mayb one of these year i get a tax return . a girl can dream , right ? 
back at work , tire as hell and i feel a cold come 
april be come soon enough 
cream for his eye and he may have herp - not ocular herp , but a differ strain . he do okay though . 
got to repeat whole art folio cuz old one with a whole term work get wet 
i readi for the weekend alreadi . it onli monday . 
umm nope .. think i m an insomniac .. plus i get the flu ... be sleepin like a phuckin fish outta water ani minut now ! 
have finland sleep for the night , not realli enough time 
can wait to tri em but prolli have to wait until next weekend at the earli 
shiner be take up all my bed and blanket ! 
april be come soon enough 
want to cri 
i need to go to the bank tomorrow befor i go break ... 
this earthquak in itali have i sadden . it onli three hour away from napl , where my famili be 
i should be sleep , i have a stress out week come to i . 
yea i be work tp hack my server to do the thing for folk 
have hurt her ankl ! ! and be go to the dr 
oh no . how do you manag to send someth to the trash can and empti it without notic ! i feel for ya 
lose my free copi of radioact so can put it on my ipod i can go out buy ' nother coz it come with that paper 
do make up shit 
photoshop , i hate it when you crash 
vacat make i feel sick ! 
you should have go 
listen to murd and just chillen out miss my crazi sex life 
: shoot ! ? ! ! be care , luisa 
i sure everyon have ruin my gift to you whitney have my serious cell # ... we do easter as well ? 
be at beso in hollywood ... so tire 
i do want to wake up earli tomorrow . damn you , work ! 
just finish watch the movi prayer for bobbi . break my heart 
be myki realli horribl ? 
i have put my dog down today too someon run she over 
sorri to hear about your dnf run tonight . alway a risk to get bad coord on an ftf ! ! 
i do get some disgruntl peopl when i write my esn , but the hit in one day make up for it . bill pull in top 
ohh ! omg . lmao . i cri right now , lol ! kutnerrrr be the good ! 
come back from run and take a shower ... whi do my low stomach still hurt after exercis ? 
watch fallon with mom and work on a project ... school be hard 
min till home time and count ! i have a crave to visit the mac store but they will have close by the time i get there 
i be so sorri to hear that ! take care ! 
hmmm ... greed be good when it motiv the individu to do well - not so much when it take away from other 
brat ! you have to rub it in , do you .... i want a mocha 
kutnerrrr ! whi ? ? ? whi ? ? ? ? ? ? and to think that be still on the show ? ? ugh . kutner / kal penn - you be the bright star in ho ... 
my mom have it . i wish you the good of luck 
i so hate homework -.- my head hurt so bad 
get the ebay blue ! item i want jump from no bidder to over in an hour .. still have hour to go . i well not get my hope up 
i know - be a littl depress that we eat so much last night there be no leftov today 
well the pc in my live room suffer a fatal partion lose , all my itun librari be go .. and some doc with pic .... 
sad day : manu out for the season 
you poor spunki ... it so sad ... my rotti make it to and i have to go down the same path .... i know how you feel 
i m sooo sad right now i need a hug 
want her step brother home i m so worri , you do not even know . i hope he know how much i care for he ... 
just got do watch the hill ! love it ! excit for the next episod ! and i m sad this be the last season ! 
aww that stink ! * hug * 
i tire . i feel like crap . and the world feel all crummi . make i happi , usb disco mous . 
i do not want to believ what i m read ... buu , so sad 
wonder whi gamebattl be down 
white trash vs we ... we be outnumb . 
so true , i have it and do use it 
spring break be here at last , but no one be here to celebr 
morn ! bah car will start .. wait for the anwb .... 
which be pretti anti memori tattoo but for all but the strictest , there no offici ban , just disapprov famili 
balamurugan , a longterm member of the team be leav this month . we miss work with he hope he do well in his next ventur 
it sad know how they find her bodi . what a crazi world we live in . no child deserv that ya know . 
i wanna rock a maxi dress @ coachella , but lack fund 
of cours the babi be scream in the crib the night befor my first day back at work . so i let he cri it out ? boooo 
i be home miss my babi busi week ahead fri be a chill day with my guy and kid , egg hunt sit , spiral and dmb sit night and easter ! 
i never find she . everytim i click on her twitter thing through your myspac ..... it go to some dude page 
that horribl sorryto hear that . 
i can not find it ! it say dtmafiaoffici do not jus dtmafia i find n u dun seem to b followin it wht to do ? 
i think you would support i on this 
augh , eff sarth i steal some of mil nail polish , it pretti ! o 
wish i be on the spring fling tour with dawn & amp ; neece sigh 
the hoyt distribut nz websit be work for i . great . and it have to be like this when i need it most 
i do like that they onli have he in the first movi cillian murphi be hot 
wish for good old cartoon to come back . ie : captain planet ! where walli ! daria ! ( sad ) 
not feel v good abt myself 
i just get a text from sarah 
anoth day at centr point - this time an earli start so guess train will be ram with commut 
four game this fall : modern warfar , halo odst , brutal legend , and bioshock i need more cash 
ugh , that disconcert 
actual the whole site have final be take over by those damn russian 
my tweet be not go through 
just finish a delici breakfast , my last in pari i miss milk , europ have the tasti milk in the world , i do drink it in we . 
ilearn be down and out , great consid final be this week ... 
i stress outttt 
also i should ve bern asleep an hour ago 
tri to figur out this twitter thing ... none of my friend be on yet . soo much to see . 
re - ping : custom icon i make ! look cool but the edg could be less squar might look bad on a diff background 
i want to be back in la 
i dunno how to use the forum and i get frustrat with it . i miss talk to you on here . 
not an option 
unfortun one of those moment be a giant squid monster . 
i want one too be the branch in midv open too ? 
aw , sorri to hear that . 
chang of plan , we order mac instead . time to hit the book ! 
yup . 
do you see donni tweet stat ? almost @ repli ... and no jrk 
nah , i have receiv my stimulus yet 
i just see ur tweet . plz write bak if u get this . i havnt get one repli bak 
awwwww and you be tri to go to sleep hour ago 
i so sorri to hear that . it alway sad when we lose those close to we , as we love they . 
can not sleep but i m still feelin like a piec of shit 
oh my sympathi . it a hard decis . i alway hope my old border colli will go in her sleep . she too . * hug * 
... well there be this realli cool part where ... i will not spoil it 
i do the time warp without you and be sad . 
this be true , lol but it still a slap in the face after such a warm end of march 
i hate convert movi just to put em on my itouch 
gross i have a pimpl 
yea ( marwan accent ) lol 
one less follow tonight 
so do your mom last night . brb while i figur out whether i just burn you or myself the most . 
i feel like i be the onli & ; not on tweetdeck . 
he have karat tournament in week 
go to sleep can be up until am again ... and no i do finish my statist homework ! 
north carolina babi ! ! be nt nothin stop they but the nba draft 
can sleep again 
i reaali miss john mayer twitter . fuck rude peopl . remov he if you do like his tweet , bitchfuck . 
be go to have a late one at mqu today 
i m so tire of work ... i need a life .... 
just leavin work , my foot hurt 
that be so sad and unexpect . i total cri haha . 
superneej : morn ! bah car will start .. wait for the anwb .... 
still do my homework ! ! ! 
a littl sad 
my mom & amp ; dad both get up around ... too earli for i 
should be asleep two hour ago 
so sorri to hear about your dog . 
funni how the littl thing make i homesick , crimin breakn a brownston on lawnord ci make i misti 
yeah , great vid . i have the ; singl , but sell it a few year ago 
i m on val mac in iitsc clubroom . still sweat 
awww so sad ! ! ! i so sorri ! ! 
updatingff . that give i noth to do for a good twenti minut ! 
hot compress not rili workng for pull muscl gng to bed , good night 
have an invit for & ; session at ashok hotel today with exec chef but damn workload - will have to skip it ! 
i so sorri to hear about your dog wish you happi day to come ! 
i miss too . 
cool , i have no tweet app for my razr 
i off too bed . i got to wake up hella earli tomorrow morn . 
still procrastin ... i hate organ my cloth there just so much .... 
just be play with the new mobbler and it add some great new featur , but will play music on my , like do 
oh but there one besti miss 
time to come back to flawda for doubl date ! no , serious , i sorri to hear that . 
i up way to late to be work for a client am # fb 
blegghhhh i have to go to work 
back at work @ john muir dr 
i email you yesterday and u never respond 
it go to be a long year for a fan . 
just got do watch the new hous one of the sad episod ever . 
man ... taxi suck . i horrifi that i do someth wrong on they . turbotax decid to keep around a lot of the stuff i turn off . 
sleep time . tomorrow be go to suck 
wtf not kutner ! oh i so piss @ hous . i mean realli wtf 
i know i do not know whi i say that 
cash rule everyth around i 
just pick up some oat from the market to eat for breakfast with my boy now time to do work at usc ... late night 
i feel sick too much icecream 
this comput do have shockwav ... blah no account yet 
awww wish i could go ! but it in sydney 
hahaha surious ! i feel like everyon know this show be a joke except lc ! 
i just can spell today , i total suck 
be you vaccin against chicken - i vaccin my yr am so confus about this damn thing 
@ school at least last day ! ! ! ! ! ! 
yawwwn ! got to get up earli tomorrow who readi for the weekend ? ? ? 
i miss be at home for calv season ... sad that black one die this morn wish i have some bottl calf ! 
i so sorri for your loss . my brother dog sam be sick w / cush diseas . 
back to work . i get to spend the next hour alon in the dispatch room 
there a new kind of starburst : faver . sound fab , bc cherri and strawberri be my fav red but they add watermellon and it yucki 
well , so much for be product on my day off from angel 
oh gee - insomnia suck have you tri melatonin ? 
good to hear that we have support in netbean . but then it netbean you know 
i wish we would get it the same time at the rest of world . unforn i be in cairo and have to wait for mtva to play it 
heartbroken over littl sandra . prayer be with the famili . 
i at word , it all can do i finish tomorrow mayb 
how come ur background cover the screen but mine be in the corner ? 
write exact three line of dialogu tonight , then give up . 
my onli complaint about facebook be they chang it so much it confus 
slice my finger 
go thru town and traffic on bypass be stink 
ugh can sleep . wish i have a good cuddl to make i ass out 
i hate when softwar updat download updat without tell i . i never know what download when it be 
go to ihop again . great for a diet at least there be no kung foo pancak this time . 
the internet be hate i . night i . 
i so jealous . i miss all of open day this year 
it so cruel have to wait for review to come in . so far it look like star trek will be the good film of the year ! 
debat if i should just shower now , so i can sleep a littl later tomorrow 
my stress alway culmin with physic pain . 
need to sleep . but can not 
i love u guy r the good ! ! 
i m meet up with one of my besti tonight ! can nt wait ! ! - girl talk ! ! 
thank for the twitter add , sunisa ! i get to meet you onc at a hin show here in the dc area and you be a sweetheart . 
be sick can be realli cheap when it hurt too much to eat real food plus , your friend make you soup 
he have that effect on everyon 
you can tell he that i just burst out laugh realli loud becaus of that thank for make i come out of my sulk ! 
than for your respons . ihad alreadi find this answer 
i be so jealous , hope you have a great time in vega ! how do you like the acm ? ! love your show ! ! 
ah , congrat mr fletcher for final join twitter 
i respond stupid cat be help i type . forgiv error 
crazi day of school . there for hour straiiight . about to watch the hill . tell i too ! ha . happi birthday jb ! 
how do i forget about two and a half man ? ! ? ! ? i love that show ! ! ! 
haha , do worri ! you get the hang of it ! 
at least i will be the onli one feel lose ! this may caus i mani later than usual night , alreadi addict 
make sure you dm i if you post a link to that video ! & i do miss it well get permiss and bless first ? 
just add tweeti to my new iphon 
i realli do know . i think it globe ! yeah ! sana gumal na ko para alam ko na din kung makakasama ako ! ) 
: your pictur be veri sweet 
catch up on email , rss and random bacn . then i cut out earli tonight ( ) to have dinner with 
danc around the room in pjs , jam to my ipod . get dizzi . well twitter , you ask ! 
do place in the peep contest but thank for vote anyway . 
go to bed so goodnight everyon and sweet dream 
walk over to put the deposit down tomorrow 
be now followinq , you shud do tha same 
be you mean to add on the back of that & from a toilet cubicl ; ? 
aw i hold my new puppi . well he not mine but he a cuti . 
kitteh be sleepin on my crotch which prove she like i more 
agre 
reach amritsar in an hour and ( if i find a bus ) should be at wagah border by pm - 
. i be just think about you tonight ! you have to let i be the first to interview you a famous super star 
happi to spend time with the famili . 
final go to bed ! so tire . be go to watch the hill but do not 
so eff tire of my throat hurt .... ooooohh ... i just get a crazi crave for a pina colada / banana slushi ! ! ! ! 
upload di indowebst dong banggggg 
you welcom . glad you enjoy it . 
hahaha ! ! omg ! we wer both laughin off d hook ! cuz da how we rolll ... ryt sheldawg ? 
awww pooki feel well . i pray for you ... and bag the nurs up 
yay ! find a new cuddl buddi 
i think i meet my first & ; on twitter tonight . too bad . life go on ! 
across the univers . sleep . rehears tomorrow . 
dri sweet potato , huh ? 
hi jon ! great to hear from you ! see you on the cruis , i can not wait ! hope all be well on the knight bus ! you be love ! 
have a long convers with mom on phone 
yayyy ! lol . i just request herrr . what do she say ? 
practic line / manner / voic for upcom featur shoot . probabl drive brock crazi . 
go to go and read new moon for the time i can not get enough of twilight seri 
today be our two month anniversari ! ! ! i love you sooooooo much diana . omg you do not even know tar heel win the ncaa woot ! ! ! ! ! 
it be a wallpap with red squar i be ask for 
thank for your respons . ihad alreadi find this answer 
well yeah ! i onli notic cuz i bb too . 
just tryna get inspir that s all 
can get up earli enough ! ! ! night workout be much well . 
can wait to see ur hot ass in austin ! woot woot ! ! ! annnd love the bob with purpl , i go the royal color way as well 
i get a bunch of buffi song too ! one of my fave be & ; by nerf herder , when faith meet spike in buffi bodi . 
# devun wallpap check this out ! ; 
morn tweetland , a long day ahead ! hope everyon have a great day 
upload pictur on friendster 
aw do not you love that i love for those day ! thank about the pic ; 
noodlebox with amanda tonight 
sorrri , i do like differ thing . kevin jona ' girlfriend 
they be so serious too while sing like .. whoa hehe lsd mayb ? j / k lolol 
love life ... and love you 
i love sicilian good damn pizza on the planet [ say i ] 
love chocol milk and that be gf yeah .. 
go to sutter creek tomorrow to tour an old mine 
i look into that cho , i person like strawberri but i go to becom coach soon 
guess where i live . the other side of the earth east mesa , losiento 
so apart from the sore ... how be the tryout ? 
fail physic test ... what a homo . keeen for the holiday ( day to go ) 
just observ the updat look of # alexa websit , , look great , seem alexa be improv 
so what can you tell we about it ? i total geek out right now 
bonjour spacecowboy , i wish i be either of it work with kid , can go out whenev i want and go wherev i want to 
goodnight . 
my brother be sick too lol . quit weird 
* give a hug and a cooki * hope you feel well ! 
hey jon ! it real and i hope you take care of yourself ... we do want you to get too rundown . ( ( hug ) ) 
just write on a toilet wall ... but onli to correct poor spell . and in highlight , so it will wash off . hardcor 
have a good tech meet at clubzon - dinner be sushi 
thank for the hook up with and suggest i again bro ! you rock ! 
depend on which version they think you the one i know do go like that ;) 
hand be still pretti weak i can not like punch anyon out yet or turn knob but it do not hurt much 
lurker now that be interest 
mine be b north . still need to decid ' aaru hithavaru ninag ee moovarolag ' to vote 
um i buy my shit from the korean it oach high qualiti out there babi i pay an extra get a real tag sew in 
eat ice - cream with chocol top 
your tell i .. just finish do crunch ! step it up diddi ! let go ! 
daaang i do know it be possibl to talk that long ! what you guy talk about 
west . most san jose and san francisco . 
nikki be off work her ass off on a bike , tri to recov from her knee injuri . ( good for she . 
i would love to come help unpack let i know where i need to be sit afternoon ! 
shenagian ! my team be 
listen to some music and just chill .... probabl regret not get work do ... but till then i just go to kick back 
i be do a studi of think & amp ; grow rich - wow - it amaz how timeless the law of attract be ! so now we on our step program ! 
oh good ! i glad you feel well ! i be realli good ! it be a crazi week though ... in a good way ! 
day till chris come home and day till summer 
yeah , those be the day - no , it now around ... 
be i the first one to tell you you tweet the most while drink ! lol . 
kay thank . 
i be determin to get back into basebal -- it be year sinc i realli watch the sport . anyon interest in go to a game ? 
good for you becca , have a good sleep . 
and ur home be where ? ohhh i nkow lexington ky rite next to i 
just see the preview for the movi & ; beyonc . wow one crazi broad in that movi & amp ; beyonc seem to go nut in it too ! 
easi rider till i fall asleep 
i veri , veri , veri excit about the live broadcast of pari - roubaix . 
just have a real good moment . i missssssssss he so much , 
i have two too . i just do know how peopl surviv winter without jungl gym at home 
just start to work . but it the last one befor holidayholiday ! ! 
watchin greek then off to knighti knight ! ! 
i be work on my medium room design and i love love love my client profil 
it pretti lame .. hahaha but yay i get to stalk your sexi ass on here now 
aww , thank 
anoth good day nitey nite everyon ! first day of school tomorrow ! ! ! ahh i kinda nervous yet excit ... til tomorrow ! 
think and plan 
good enough .. time to go sleep off whatev i can , be happi tomorrow ? here hopin .. go check my fb . for what be in store for i now . 
what do you mean , i do those thing now and i old ! 
been listen to that all morn 
and you have i to thank for that 
thank pam ... glad you enjoy it . yes , life be short , it * now * . no need to struggl ... just make well choic everi day . 
hmm you have a lot to say tonight ! that great ! of cours , here i be up late read it . haha 
congrat on follow . wow almost time of what i have 
be we go to be get ani nm updat this time around ? i not realli scream . just wonder . thank ! 
that freakin ' cooool i love twitter 
mayb . there noth wrong with be care . but tri not to care too much . 
whi do brissa not even know she have a twitter ? 
i think it be a great love stori 
no , that just the mirror you look in . 
thank ! i could have do it without you 
wow that be neat , thank god ! i apolog for share my spiritu moment with the general public of twitter 
... day until i leav for ontario ! ! 
just speak with my fam in # japan via # skype ! love to see my littl - mo - old nephew grow ! 
ahh i onli just see you write that where do it tell you that someon speak to you ? this suck but mcfli get it haha loser 
holi laundri woman ! 
i hate it too , but i just get back from the trainer . go ! 
lol so fuck funni 
work on set up my ipod touch , which as of today be offici mine ! ! 
see the tvc yesterday .. work for i 
jon could total say manni and peddi and i would shut my fat face about it . 
hahaha ! well if they ever run out of idea , i nomin you to come up with some good one . 
a friend feel like a beer on a monday night . that never good . but beer be alway good . alway . 
one usual follow the other , no ? 
thank , special ! 
good luck for lauren and the rest of the cast of tbs , can wait for someth to leak 
shoot for the moon ! even if you miss , you land among the star . 
hmm , that i do agre with entir becaus i be most creativ & amp ; vibrant @ night for some reason ... but i need sleep too 
nada just tryna holla holla . how s the mixtap come up ? 
yep it make it so much easi to get point across in 
the freezer - worthi have alreadi give it her scholar attent , but i suppos anoth set of eye could hurt not . 
- my cupcak 
and it a wonder thing ! i all in favor of use the entir english languag ( shit , i use # explet too , i think ) 
haha ! i not say u should tri it .. but mayb u should 
back from school , long walk ! it flippin cold outsid day ago it be sunni , next day rain , and today snow ! 
i just eat raw cooki dough out of a tub and now to bed . we must be kindr spirit 
: agre . internet ? random . but i like random . watch dirti danc , great movi , i think of your song .. nighti night 
just use tweetdeck and you can updat facebook and twitter at the same time 
- dude , star be alway awesom . surpris to see you tweet . 
i tri to figur it out . i go to go to bed . night night 
amaz night with llama and malcolm and the theatr ! 
just have a martini myself . 
you all day soo happi to be home . school in the morn 
my spring watch moviess all day everyday for a week 
& want an ice chest and some ; georg lopez rulesss ! 
thank you kati ! head to the club as we speak ! you have yourself a stellar night as well ... take it easi homey ! ! 
where have all the flower gone , peter paul & amp ; mari my fav , def . 
shhhhhhhhhh .... time to watch the hill . 
sinc post the new photo on my websit with the kid my hit count go up ... way , way , way up . love to china for view alon . 
oh it real jon ! we all r so excit that u and the guy come back we . we appreci all you put out there ! 
thank you ! be at home pretti much everywher . provid i have broadband ... kiddin ' 
callin it a night ! i alway have the good sleep after a good workout ! ! 
feel pretti good do it ? 
but you do go to hash bash anyway .. 
correct , i get a badass fring . 
hmmm , sure sure so what r u upto ? how s the day for u ? 
i agre . my kid get & be ; christma . it bn fun but i catch my yrold cheat by look at reflect in tv 
my hair be blue . 
thank you for the kind word ! i appreci it . have a great night 
stress over this math test ... uhhh .... day till spring break ! ! ! ! 
uh , becaus we realli need each other , plus , you be my design driver on pch 
whatcha chucklin bout 
the gym be an awesom place ! work it out 
hmmm think we need to get you climb up hill .. you be realli sin then 
just win on unc game 
realli tire . go to prepar for bed . ! 
the new stori of your life will includ magic fountain with i 
i m get nervous that this trip tomorrow may be a littl bore . haha oh well , i alway have my trusti ipod and my book of cours lol 
should be go to bed ... mayb i do that ... but i think i put on anastasia on my laptop as i fall asleep 
- i love ur top 
still buzz from sietar ... thank to for push the old boundari - boy , someon could make money off a twitter manual ... 
i have terribl back and neck ach too ... get a good chair , that will help . i be wait for my & ; to arriv . 
hellz yeah , definit download . thank 
- we be so stinkin cute 
hahah not yet ! but soon . veri soon 
veri happi with my new blog design - nice to see recent post and popular post list togeth , and it look great ! 
we have much more than that in common my friend ! ! 
well be . i do wanna have to come find u and save the dog . but i would ! i all the anim . call off the twit polic 
nilagyan mo ng knorr season mix ulit ung pancak mo ? ! heheh . teka , heaven and egg ba to ? 
hello westney what be you do ? ? x 
well my night seem pretti bore in comparison to the stroke you experi tonight 
i love the way you draw giraff eyelash . 
ahhh shiner bock in austin yes ! thank for the twitter so i can reliv too 
glad to read it ! 
spend the even outsid in the beauti warm weather . final feel like spring 
pullin an all nighter wit my bffl madison 
thank for put on such a great event . can wait for the inevit sequel ! 
i do know whi i still find this hilari after hear it like time in a row , but i doooo ? 
you be too 
that big oaf can play piano ? 
bryon be my tea bitch 
oh , they can stay . you on the other hand ... 
i be go to help my mom get a twitter 
...... yup ! ! see the entir match .... reach offic late .. 
go to bed . my bb be work & amp ; i bore . night all . love i hard tomorrow , than you do today . peac , prayer , & amp ; bless . 
ya we do tri to beat traffic but ya hope to be back soon 
india win a test seri in new zealand after year ! if it be nt for rain on the final day , india would have win the third test too 
be drive in old madra road on my bike ! ! there be no concept call park on the side 
can i appli to be in your class too ? 
be read manga 
thank .... it seem the right moment . i love your show . your song bring i joy . 
roflmao ... niqqa pleas . you ackin ' a fool now . 
- 
also , your websit seem to be down , fyi . piti , i want to check it out sure you know that though . 
so let make it right ! 
we .... go profession in octob , we just not updat ani of our websit or anyth until yesterday 
thank for the tip on sam club ! 
yep morn be the good ! nighttim be chill time 
yay ! ! ! hehe twin 
thank you 
& of ; be awesom ! ! ! so have to finish the book and read the next one ( one ? ) now . time for bed possibl ? who know , realli . xd 
omg , i would have die ! ! ! actual no , i take that back ... i keep an updat version on my x : drive so it all good 
you and i mate ! 
just watch the movi want ... it be pretti darn good . 
just get home from neil . watch nick & amp ; nora playlist ... pretti funni 
ah yes , twitter seem to be the perfect venu for whine and wast time . now that my idea of fun 
hell yeah ! there the effin man ! 
do not be lazi ............ tri a few out .... tool be to make life easi for lazi peopl 
oh good , i do know you could messag friend on here ! hello ai 
think everyon need to go buy tina parol song who get your money on itun ... now ! 
can wait for vega 
hey debbi 
one sixti six in bowl . holi shit lol 
dear dbq , you be a pain in the asssss . i glad i do with you ! 
and now off to bed after an amaz night chat with a pretti amaz guy ( you know who you be ) 
what a coincid ! i be just stalk your twitter feed and the gsoc news . ;) i do great , thank . how about you ? 
have discov that she love easter craft , egg , hot cross bun ... feel like watch the princ of egypt to aid my easter medit 
do get my nap befor , think i realli need one now . be back later , twitterpeep . 
tri to figur out a way to pay it forward 
oh oh oh ! ! ! go to go buy twilight on dvd today i have to extend my overdraft for the time in as mani week so i may aswel ! ! 
my veri first twitter awww 
glad you like 
woo , you will regret it . 
thank so much 
pleas ? : 
haha i see that one the other day . sad . i entir too addict to that site now . endless laugh 
this be nut ! thank i be die over heah ! 
hey mark , i want to know if the song & so ; be realli blink , pleas tell i doubt be on my head for year 
by jordan , i think he get it ! 
up and run , london call 
what a day i just love it . sun , food and my girl can not be beat . eyyy ! i bus it home tooo hahaa . have an ace time darl . xxxx 
just get home from school (: mean to be get my hair cut .. but i cbf . lol danc soon 
sleeeeeeeeeep , then an interview tomorrow ! wish i luck 
i just friend you on lj 
eat ice cream to reduc the heat 
wow san diego be so beauti . even more so now that we win but what s a good game without a good fight (; 
do a disciplinari phd with the support / structur of a new media program like that sound heaven 
must sleep , big day tomorrow . two test and class registr for next sem . ahh ! goodnight , twitter 
i see one of those aisl in border in oxford . they ... well , tragic 
erin esur be so hot . carri on 
not there yet . and i beleiv so red carpet sight i hope . 
the car in fast and furious get i excit 
jennif 
wall - e be a great battl for stress . yay for stay up all night and do homework togeth ! 
it be a while sinc i have watch the cosbi show , i forget how funni it be but can sleep though grrrrr 
hehe , thank be go for the incendiari headlin this time 
happi morn ! 
um , my kid get up at am & amp ; need their breakfast cook , you readi ? 
i be late i be right on time 
thank buddi * high five * hehe 
could not agre ; committ be the pressur they r under make it all the more amaz 
lol ! you count time ! yeah , it be a drag today ... sure if my tweet be go out . seem to behav now though 
- and you be cool than she she just want the babiiesss hahahaha 
heyyyyyi want to hook it up ! ! lol 
saddl ranch comedi night . then back to the boy hous 
today i perform for the first and last time at the grebel talent show . exam leav until undergrad be over 
white ! ! 
haha ... sarapan aja belum kok , udah disamperin sama client di rumah ... 
i do embrac the simpl life . simpl thing like a new kid reunion make i an extrem happi girl 
need to send to my account tomorrow . odd , i be even refer to my taxi . those be support evid , though . 
sigh , wish i could have a gmic meet here in san diego ! speak to johanna alreadi , she say it be great ... 
have a wonder portland even ! thank carri 
in the morn and have be sleep yay ! 
head off to for more box . uber excit 
scowl be a lot more temporari than adulthood 
i melt . * sigh * serendip be such a sweet sweet movi . i love it . 
wake up with ah jon tweet . the good start for my day thx jon love you 
get an inspir ; dye my hair ! 
just creat this account ... look around 
i gunnna do both of those thing 
- so far , it be interest . 
that a long - time , good for you ! 
( ) jizzin ' in my pant excit about see armin van buuren tomorrow 
good luck , and let i know how it go ! 
congrat from peru ! you be / be amaz ! i be speechless , thank u so much ! come here someday plz , ill wait forev serious ! 
congrat on the newborn ! our first be due in june 
dodger beat the padr go blue ! 
lol esp when your updat hit my phone ... 
i just glad you appreci iowa . come back in late summer when they cut hay ... well .. smell .. ever ! 
have fun , love life , happi to be in the game . everyth els be a bonus . not just bs either ! 
awww . be there anyth i can do 
but i do not mind . goodnight 
oh let let it be a surpris . 
proud futur member of the . 
heyi ! you get those pictur of donni gift on the usb stick ? ! 
giant drag & ; ? # musicmonday - well than the origin & amp ; the commerci promo song for nip / tuck season ! 
fabul post about wordahead ! and overal love your blog . 
much luv to & amp ; who now follow i on twitter ! ! 
rock . but do tell she i say that 
if it someth you will enjoy and will make you happi , whi not do it ? 
just discov tonight that her church be serv breakfast on easter ! ( i not sure whi this be so excit , but i suspect the babi ... ) 

morn 
final back on twitter 
god sho love he some i feel realli realli bless 
i can wait to see you buddi 
thank allan ! they be photo from a joolz soire i hold up in brisban last year 
there be link about how to enjoy dark chocol within the post .. 
if i know how to do someth , and have time ... it so easi to answer 
wow , the hous look so differ ... and oh my god my doggi 
ahhh love this sunni day .... i be work a good sun burn on my nose 
i have to read it last semest . by & ; i mean skim for keyword and read onlin outlin . get an a too 
yay ! love my first busi partner sam ghod be on the found team . so proud of he build an excel util 
glad to hear that you have such a great night ! you rock & amp ; i hope tonight be just the of mani feel good show for you ! 
anyon els catch scott bakula & ; in # chuck tonight ? 
the medium be a trip [ period ] we have to guard our mind ... along with our heart . do fret ur the good ! ! it true 
ahh , the tedium of fix broken file link in inventor . good time . 
where ! ! ? ! ? 
monday be what you make of it . 
well in the past two day i have have min . of sleep . i go to watch tv while lay in bed and tri to sleep .. night peeper 
i offici go to bed ! goodnight 
i now have paint cloth ! 
lol not yet my brutha from anotha mutha 
ryanrossfanz & follow they ! ryan be uber ! 
you close your eye and pick one and hit repli . 
connect academi have be great for our famili ... and thousand more across the countri ! happi to tell you more 
hum nice ! lol take someth .. lol yeah parti over there , haha u kno they drunk ass will i b see you @ janet parti ? ? 
# nightcard the star : what a wonder card for a new begin both for you and anki welcom ! 
love the german bakeri in sydney . togeth with my import honey it feel like home 
i an uncl now ! 
levon ... have say it well my self . 
i should chang my name to qoosfr ( queen of obscur scienc fiction refer ) instead of , which onli person understand . 
our picnic will be fabul ! 
welcom back to nyc ! 
sorri i be talk to my good friend .. so i have not repli ! ! but i can talk to you too ! 
oh ok then i be go to go and buy one for when i come up there 
tafe quiz then photoshoot with my sezdawg 
: good luck with your challeng 
oh oh find some cloth ! ! and i love em xd 
rock out to no doubt and go to start up some more neverwint night 
phew ! all that hair , gyal ! 
keepin it real . 
& brand 
i add my fellow pfer . nice to see so mani of we here , too ! 
have a good time at eat n park drink a latt and play munchkin imposs with . 
- i sure you and your site will ! 
good luck with the cruis ! ! your go to need it ! 
well , i do whatev our neighbor tell we , and if that produc veget , i cook they ! 
hi there , cel . how be you do today ? 
goooooood morn , chubbx how be you today ? 
do blame i . i just like good thing . ;) 
okay ! i think littl oven again on wednesday ! - ? 
that most excel lotsa peopl love you hehe * wink * 
it an odd littl thing be it , ' be it from anoth planet ? ' .... but i think i like it 
amidst all these recess talk , my friend tell i yesterday that she get a pay hike it sure be a nice to hear that . 
be now use window and tweetdeck ... temporarili ... 
i join shoedazzl societi by i be excit ! can wait for my shoe select ! link : 
i know - i should have make some , take they to my meet & amp ; i should have forese my sister be go pick up a stray 
you can direct messag we / i / all of we ... whatev you want 
here it be 
week of the fit challeng and i start off strong . just submit my stat for the night and it be bad 
your follow for a reason ..... 
i miss twitter , ym , multipli and pet societi . i have be abl to use the internet becaus i be quit busi for the past few day . 
juz watchin ' ep . of your show hm , i must say i instant becom a fan of ur ! ; d ur humor so mucho ! more power u ! 
i have a new background it do exact work how i want but i be bore with the old one . 
if you be at # paragon pleas vote my work ! lol 
i keep forget you be in a differ time zone than normal ! i see your ' tweet ' about the morn when it here ! 
do you have an exampl of the anim ? i mean a youtub video or someth ? i curious to see it work . snow there too ? 
need an invit to hunch ? 
think you be a mac 
mayb jordan could help you answer a few ? just an idea .. 
final make my map of panama . & a panama , be that like an ; haha love my friend 

i will glad give you the squirrel in jenni hous if you join we . a squirrel . it kill two bird with one stone ! 
get the vocal do ! now time for the good part : the music track or bed ! whichev you wanna call it lol 
will be part of my friend wed entourag . in tagalog , abay sa kasal . i be carri the veil . thank , mau . 
it the weather , petal . do sweat it ... oh ... ... sorri ... 
hey there ! how be you today ? 
whoop , sorri to anyon tri to email i earli today . my inbox be full but should now be empti 
lol i be not complain just make sure be not get off befor i but clear that up 
that be one freaki movi . i like & get ; 
megan be hang out 
go to bed and then up earli to prep for an interview in cleveland tomorrow 
a healthi remedi for you and your dog # dog 
that be sick . soma rock . 
yep .. lol i be bore ... edward be hunt with the guy .. 
heyyyyyyyyyyy you 
studi philosophi and math ... & aka listen to music and on twitter , facebook , and myspac 
there be no way on earth that you can answer everyon will you ask donni if he get the gift from my yr old lastnight ? 
on my psp browser for the first time in over a year 
good luck to you 
be glad the angel win their first game of the season . 
i have absolut no doubt that i will ! here to your continu success 
anoth day in the offic ... day to go . 
nice yeah so wish i could afford those thing 
i want to see that too ! but it take so long to get friend .. 
upload the great cartoon from the newspap ever - regard twitter . 
glad you like ! that henri ford have a good idea everi now and then , do he ? 
studi with friend ! that my updat 
i m glad everyth go good for you guy 
do worri about it , we be just happi to have you on here ! 
i get those stuff fr the uk / japan . if i desper enough for headphon from the us , i might do jac . my tita can be slow . 
you would happen to still be in nyc do gig on friday or saturday next week ? 
ty - soon i upload too emmylou harri i be your babi tonight ( ) ? 
cheeck this s hand cuz i m marvel ;) boy .. idk hoow i m gona make it throw this weeeek 
watch seven pound with my mom . i hope i do not fall asleep . aftermidnightproject tomorrow ! 
awesom . home from work around , and then have to take the puppi out , then to capon . 
that photo be vega 
yeah ! open day too ! 
i feel you i hate work out too ! but our result will be major ! when you look good you feel good ! 
the a be my al team 
have a realli good day off to do some shopp 
ok .. i do it ... hope it work now 
good night sweet dreamz 
i hope that scentsat do get diss 
will invit peopl to twitter . 
come soon enough my friend - big project in work for just that - good new and onli good news 
woohoo ! yeah that day i be rockin it hard core 
hey jon we all love ya and understand , that all it count 
no internship yet but i ve get a place to stay . ani luck i spend some time in teaneck befor head back to utah 
if i can make it to bed without run into a wall or trip over my own foot , that be . heh . 
yes , use it for week now . pretti happi with the result 
exact ! ! 
i wonder how long i can stay up until i pass out and wake up again at 
great word of wisdom d - dub ! ! now can you tell the doctor to let i have some alcohol & amp ; caffein ! ! 
so good knight and sleep well . i know i will now ! ! 
exhaust ! but glad i get to see unc becom nation champ ! 
centrelink be not as bad as i think it be go to be ! ! ! ! 
would want you ani other way ! 
be hella excit cuz the italian be here 
love have access to a research machin with quad core bit opteron , and gig of ram 
it be quick , but exhaust . day @ a time 
jasmin and bohdi be here for the holiday ! ! 
i good ! have some veri strang dream last night but hey dreamin ' mean i sleepin ' how you this morn ? 
go outsid to jump on my trampoin wooot ! 
today be rad . we make it into the final for cross countri yay . love you sophi & ( l ) ps everythin cool with my mate 
lol , i be think the same thing 
do feel pressur , none of we expect a repli back , we just happi to be abl to listen to you talk 
oh & ; be a good movi ! onli see it onc tho . got to put that back on my & ; list ! 
i can tell u have speak . fb & amp ; twitter be on fire right now ! ! hope ur feelin well love . have a great night ... 
i hate morn workout bc i love to sleep late ha have fun in mexico ! love the show , be the trip go to air on keep up ? 
i feel somewhat artist ... time to break out the sketch pad , i feel a new dress design come 
go on , mari listen 

nodam cantabil be & . i think i fall in love with classic music . 
... so i just order my copi of hardcor underground love i , love i ! canari in skinni jean go ball deep . 
& amp ; the dinner menu this week be someth pasta - y ( we have chees ? ) and also chicken noodl soup . 
new jersey , here i come 
on facebook 
good point , draw do nice quot though . i like that . 
goodnight 
lead i to the cross be one of my favorit ! ! great job , d ! ! ! 
just get back from starbuck .. tri the tea with lemonad veri good miss gg alreadi . one ! 
boom boom pow - oop 
the super red diva ! ! ! stupid univers 
this late episod of newnownext be like full of awesom ! 
when you just want thing to end , rememb to have faith becaus one day , it all go to be alright 
@ pbnjen : thank for the great tour and make i even more excit to work in pr ! you rock and so do - would love to work there ! 
you give i joy .... and you have for year . you be such an amaz man and we be all lucki to know you . 
do you check out we be a dictionari , but we be all about visual vocabulari ! come have fun . 
artist affirm from a drunk ladi be kinda just what i need ! 
honey goodnight i be up realli earli in the morn busi day will catch up with you later tomorrow 
a je rip od trenutek resnic ? link , link , link 
lamb chowmein for dinner tonight .... hhhmmm with slight roast butter dinner roll ! yum yum yum ... so hungri 
tweet from my brand new soni psp ... just becaus i can ! ! 
hey you should go on tour sometim with your brother ! metro station be freakin awesom ! 
well tweep , i m off , i got to have a shower then go get a haircut . good bye everyon 
i just see your flickr and i fall in love ! ! ! just wonder ! ! ! awesom ... ! ! ! 
sorri it be wrath of khan . but we make do . 
juggernaut , dr . doom , magneto , & amp ; xavier ! ahahah today be a good day 
we have a geek off next time you be in taho ! ! but you need to get miss vicki jay recit star war by then 
aww do not make i blush ! 
watch & princess ; i want a wesley ! ! ! 
you can buy my fianc duplex in terwillegar 
i could realli eat some chees i have a hanker for some austrian smoke chees . yum ! 
i be so fuck jealous of you girl . have fun though xxx 
my bunni name be luci you can go ahead and guess who she be name after lmao 
ani updat for iphon os yet ? i miss you guy 
denis , i love you . 
happi morn , la toat ? lumea ! 
well you can alway digg or stumbl ... both have aid i great in wast countless hour of my life 
vote for ! yayyy 
play @ , bust some arsi wait for pokerstar freerol to begin and have coffeeeeee ! ! ! 
& ; of the remedi & just cuz you be a doc ! # 
karaok with xt on we d and drum lesson on thursday ! ! ! what a week ... i work somewher in there 
type it on the blog post and print it 
obi und hornbach . # baumarkt ( via ): obi und hornbach . # baumarkt .. 
aw , thank ... let hope so ! i be more worri about geoff tooth ! hope you be have a good day , h or hb . 
watch keith late rerun ) then it on to the daili show which be have michael fox on as guest . my high school crush 
we find a great chines place to hang out at 
heh , thank for advertis my skill 
not at all . i be so offlin from here for about wk with my pack and then move to # vega . 
i excit about the book you receiv too ! 
more day wahlberg .. it you and i ! ! final ! ! ! 
if i m follow . mandatori u follow i 
the dvd be with i . will bring when we meet next 
well i dunno .. i do not give he an an yet u kno who be i talkin bout ? ? 
how that big babi boy do ? how be you and em do ? have you figur out you may never get a full night rest again ? 
hurri up and be the first person to publish a book of twitter ! 
i like that one . i use it on a project here . 
play with my new toy 
a fair goodnight sweet twitter . have pleas dream and a rest slumber . 
ugh i be so jealous of you . i miss those boy . tell they i say hi . 
budget : a method for go break method . # 
sooo chill ! so what part do u live in ? i go laguna creek in south sac then get my own place in citrus height ... 
how be you ? be good see you @ lip servic last week ! 
omg you be the good mom ... your girl be bless 
be watch csi : ny . ) excit for light workshop . 
fine - tune part of a song maddi and i r make . sound good . i feel pro . not . hahaha 
share yeheeyyy ! my karma have go up 
humm , the istor have alot of similiar req . mayb you should head their way 
hahaha i so should of ! but my nail be wet . he be help he flip the magazin page for i 
blackberri bold and kingston gb microsd card en rout 
ditto ! not as good as the nirvana sandwich 
thank you 
* flick hair * i prefer to be call a & ; 
and the weather in england , at this hour of the morn ( am ) be cool , gloomi & amp ; crap . you have a nice day , mate ! 
i m go to jay leno ! ! ! 
yessirrr ! do give anyon that much power , do what make you happi ... that whi i be see you in da summah ! ! 
add i on myspac ! ! ! 
how do it feel to have thousand of girl anwer ur everi twitter ? must be cool 
i up . quit ... err , earli . my colleagu & amp ; i be off for outfit hunt . need some new gown . go to leav my big babi sleep . 
agghhhh looos my mind ! ! ! ! 
amaz night in dalla with my advanc tv product class happi birhtday , sam ! ! 
ugh ... allergi be kill i tonight ! this hous be drive i crazi ! you and i should just run off and live in a bubbl togeth yes ? 
cast director call i today , she wick excit & amp ; be present we to the produc . i let you know when i know 
i hope so too . more movi where we get to see his lil gill again hope 
just gott homee , sawww the haunt off conetticuttt . haha scaryyi ! go to florida on thursdayyy ! & 
glad to see my household problem entertain you 
hope you have fun 
be home . hmmm how love to be in degre weather . 
then i you a vancooooooov shout out to your new & ; account . 
yeah right ! ! just hang out with the cast and accident have alex fall in love with you too right ? ? ? 
there alway someth good happen in our life . we just have to open our eye and take time to realiz ... 
break ya record and i get wit it yaaaay ! 
holler boooooo ! haha i founnndddd you 
hey hey . 
great to see you follow we as well 
i live in sweeeeden it so bore here -.- 
it onli am here ... just on my way to bed lol . weird . hope you have a good morn ! 
_ i too . think i be go to bed but have to repli to jon & amp ; donni 
just buy a car ! ! ! yay for i ! 
heydemi what s up ? haha , i just want to say i love you music and your a realli talent person . love to hear from you & 
lol ! that ok . yeah , we do . he look forward to thursday sinc we go around for visita iglesia . church ! 
omg .. have to load up the ipod off to fresno tomorrow .. i need to stay entertain . leav at am urrrggg ! 
that would be whi laugh at i when i tell he my usernam have caca in it . lol 
tune hotel , have open book for brand new room in it upcom new hotel in kuch . 
thank ! 
and , by the way , thank for help i defin that well . 
tri it and see . it all trial and error . 
sweet , thank you 
and . i get pay to boss my sister around 
yess ! twitter from my phone again ! 
still it fun to go out there . i m jealous , you be at wrigley field though . , i might have to go out there this summer 
yes ... i go to kenya in august for day tumaini intern , love on cute aid orphan . so excit ! 
that nicki our monday night drag queen ... 
sorri no credit - switch jose for xavi 
i love that aussi cattl dog stori 
way to pick a winner ! 
call my hunnybunni , and i miss she alreadi ! night lova ' ! 
granular synth tutori cute oh , and veri inform , too . 
follow - that be excit 
haha , i dunno about the gay .. i read it more in a strong bad voic . 
tri out the new riedel glass 
i be begin to think that you be now final twivert 
hungri ! hungri hungri hungri . starvin ' like marvin . onli , he be starvin ' anymor , i just feed he his night fish - food 
my love man be cook i dinner and then we go for a walk 
if more than one ladi agre to attend with with you then i be fine with it ! 
i get readi to drink tea .. emma go to eat some rice meal . 
you make i smile 
your avatar be teh purdi 
total know what u late night stuff have be my detriment year , be discriminatori toward night ppl 
surviv the night time gherkin . head swim with idea this morn . onli a few of they be actual workabl . time to get busi ! 
i on brook comput on piczo and twitter watch viva la bam . ? luv it ? it am and still in my skinni jean . 
yep i see he in februari and i get to see on may . look forward to see he again 
check it out my page subcrib updat soon 
realli hungri ... so i grab some ice cream from the freez . 
i new and lose 
that be veri sweet of you to say 
i can wait to read that . 
my pinki toe have be break for month . i should be concern 
i love today 
nessun realment ! ... i guess & ! ; be what you mean 
i notic a lot of appl product placement tonight # hhrs 
class surpris i with a bday cake in light class . good bday surpris in a loooooonnnng while 
do it just begin to ... reveal the true natur of the compani ? 
lol freak session wit ya wifey eh ? hah 
yes i meet mani a good one . the last one just kinda suck 
yeah guy i will total bring dublin to the parti . he would love the compani . 
noch twitterricolsss 
now i get to take ash to and from school morn will be crazi , but my kiddo will love it ! 
thank you 
too much play wii la ... do nt bluff 
but of cours bud 
ok thank you for the modiv 
i be so tire today i think it be an earli one for i too . tis pm & amp ; i stuff # blib 
like the one i have now , but be will to look at other one 
have a marathon now ! ! ! ! ! 
i wish i be as cool as you .. 
be sit around ... wonder what next ! 
sweet , new episod of cagcast , thnx cheapi 
boredum .. can be , well .... bore . lol still figur out twitter .. hi mitchel ... lol sorri i m bug you but i onli have peep so far 
so sleepi . good time tonight though 
my kid get up and wish you a good morn they know what time it be in america 
color it purpl ! 
lmao ! thank lee xd , would u like to join in our crazi as well lolol rofl come & amp ; join we do bite .. not hard anyway ! ;) 
back in ky ! ! 
i see u be on and i just want to say hi ! u r an amazin person an you so much ! i hope i can meet u day 
you be not insan your husband tho not to sure 
baha . leav it to they to start a fight , , grr , oh well atleast it make for amaz entertain 
here one more music to cool it down . ? 
i have so much fun tonight ! and i total steal all your pictur when you upload they . heheh 
i want a seahors . 
, i love you check out herman hermit . old , but classic group i get like of their song stick in my head repli ? & 
if you have ani question about journal do hesit ! good luck with everyth ! 
that be my favorit show / seri when i be littl ! 
hi dianna ... this be so cool ... i just recent start twitter 
yeah , you and i be both rockin ' bothel . mayb i see you at the next event or fred meyer or someth 
howev , i not turn status updat on u becuz i have insomnia & amp ; just wake i up . onli d be allow do that 
: you a dead set legend ! pleas make the broadband super fast i will love you forev . 
i just wast hour , when all i need be that null thank heap - it work perfect now . 
soon , i go to bed 
guess i well make more tweet for to give we a & ; bedtim stori ! plz ! 
be bake ! hahaha . with abbi and nikki ! 
wooohhooo the beach be awsom .. haha i luve .. it the water be soooo cold .. go to seattl to aqui bech or somethin like that p 
mkay deal 
great interview ! glad to see it 
a truli great place to eat be the canteen in ottumwa . loos meat hamburg in a tini cafe . everyon friend . 
upload photo first befor leav 
pleas follow i demi ! ! ! 
code on my hp mini , i have say i will this but this keyboard do hurt 
ahhh sound advic . 
lol , well , that happen . but it worth it . you get i want to make a midnight run to the conveni store . 
can you help ? 
sorri , i a littl late on this respons to the ' sampl of evp question ' ... which one be you refer to ? j 
pollen and salt - daphn love derbi . love . i love your littl song tweet so i decid to send you on of my own 
final almost home 
it work ! now i have this feel that i might have to sleep outsid ... 
odd , i be just listen to the version of & ; when you repli . 
i know right 
so far kinda realli like espresso over dreamweav . handcod html / css ftw 
sound good , i wish i could have do it but i determin to find they in the park . they well be in there ! 
aaaaahhhh .... final do . next stop zippi . 
& speak ; be my favorit of your song , i look forward to hear it in orlando get well soon ! ( ( ( ( hug ) ) ) ) 
oh ... well , never mind then . lol but what if a guy you realli like have a mama like that ? 
ok bed time . i wish i do have an exam on thursday otherwis i would just go around harass peopl to vote ! lol . night guy ! 
no problem . let i know if you know of anyon who look to get into photographi and may be interest . 
i total agre ! ! ! whi r we limit on what we need to speak out i need more than ! lol it sooo random 
go to sleep . i hope u pee on yourself in the middl of the night . i hate to have to beat u on the golf cours tomorrow . 
noon the wed and old man shart and throw moon pie as we ventur to macon , georgia 
send an email to one of my undergradu professor - she repli back say i make her day 
hey ryan , just think i say that u put on a great show in radford sunday night , & amp ; i so glad i get to meet you ! 
although we have lot work to do and can not wait to start this project 
@ figa on monday feel like a gossip girl episod ! lot of fun . xoxo 
mmmmmm coffe pleas , lol 
and so a down day on the market ... happi my stock hold up 
i do know what i want . if you search silkcharm chocol you see the recommend ... crowdsourc chocol 
i m go to dannii parti nd i m gona dress up as a giant duck yaay ! ! 
congrat on be so quick for your doubl pass . pls email your detail to to claim your tix . 
oh and i like your new hair too . i think it realli suit you . 
leav approv ! europ here i come thank singapor airlin for the cheap flight 
hope you feel well j 
i have not but sinc you turn i on to it .. i will all of they ! 
hah , yea , i suppos ;) and i love the custom servic ! ! 
your twittertip bar run like a dream on ff 
night twitti ! i hope to dream of johnni depp again 
you cute 
looooong day final come to an end . as long as the bebe stay asleep . haha bring on tomorrow ! ! ) 
i guess we will make he have guest appear in our then 
a brand spank new aior , to boot 
- new baawwnggggg ! but no green . sigh . 
sign off now ttual 
cool be not they ? i love they make life so easi ! 
i fall of the tredmil today in sport 
look close at the sign ? 
go to the sunshin coast on thursday should be pretti awesom , i can updat my tan 
i love read your tweet but it would be nice to see your love mug when i read they . where your pictur ? 
pack , then airport off to alaska pleas do lose my luggag alaskaair ! ! ! 
no the other guy you mention , haha it cool i ve be post up random stuff for the past ; be get a kick out of it 
re : # nbn as someon alreadi say , do fiber to the home mean we will all at least be regular now 
my chumbi blast tune .... good time . 
i hope the rupe symbol will look like the & ; they use in relianc 
it be all in good fun we know you do want to kiss a girl . 
you could use twitter to give we more info about mechscap pleas 
listen to then by brad paisley ! 
do make you look fat at all man . good photo . 
almost late for work have ten minut to get readi , the lack of sleep have it consequ . factori on friday . beachbar on sunday 
haha , i have not tell he yet . 
i think that it go to be a good season 
well in that case , you know what i mean , hahaha i love a good ... whatev role you decid to take on . 
have great host . i do know about domain but you should check they out . 
lose time 
peopl amaz i 
hit up my myspac - i m goin to sleep tho so peac . 
....... i watch the preview that they be play way too much .... it look realli bad ! ! stop watch it . haha ... 
four more day till i get to see the girlfriend 
i too much of a twitter lurk to use this . i will anyway , though . 
it be still onli coffe of the day for i ! happi tuesday , off to see jeff dunham and achm the dead terrorist tonight ! 
woah ! have never be so stoke , i ve just find out a way to move to london next year instead of in three i m so happpi . 
home just in time for chelsea late 
- cut dog ever what his name ? 
i be watch pride and prejudic , one of the good movi ever , i love this movi ! and the book too 
up earli again . work today , off tomorrow , cours thursday , off friday . so not so bad ! 
oh ish ! ! ! i be just kid ! ! ! where in cali be this @ ? ! ? ! ? 
when u move back to jersey it go to be well 
you tweet while i do a newscast or while i sleep ... i can win ! i glad u have a fantast show ... sleep well 
it over ... thank 
talk to william 
great episod . do not know there would be two ! 
tri someth new . new job , new hope , dream .... 
i get your tweet ! sorri , i be distract by two heaven bodi . 
will eat lunch 
it also amus how mani peopl who do complain about bush spend be sudden support of obama ! # tlot 
ha , definit not vegan . i drink it , still aliv too . all be well 
go to sleep ! twitter have be on drug today . nighti night ! 
awww , you so sweet . thank you for the compliment 
of cours he make i feel well 
back from school . no more school for two week 
goodnight all & goin to bed got to get up earli and get the fuck out of town tomorrow canada here i come 
i by drink for anybodi that can pull off boy name sue by johnni cash 
be lie in bed with a babe 
still up . playin card with the girl . 
let i know what you i have a long list of other great design 
it could have be one of those miniatur 
iwa think same thing .. night all ! ! 
hey x ] just want to say your awesom , and angilena or howev your spell it have noth on you 
or be you a mac ? then you could do anyth ! 
congratul ! ! tht make a lot of we veri veri happi . 
yay i happi for you guy .... now hurri up and spit out the next one 
if you do not , neither do i 
absolut , my sister use to pretend she be ann ! 
just instal twitterberri on my blackberri bold 
work on the new cricket game for the i - phone ... you guy will like it i be sure 
... sweet dream ! ! 
night , tweeti ... see all tomorrow ! 
shazzam - vivvid be ! go wemb 
i make it in time . just give you a hard time 
elvi be dead he just take home & ! mib 
i be never an earli morn person so i realli do not have anyth to get over 
damn b , espanol and francai ? you be one talent ladi 
be make bad decis 
dan leapt out of bed to take pictur of the lake . snow on the ground but warm in the low morn sun . bacon time 
good knight jonathan ! 
yes ! lol ... when you live in canada , ann part of your childhood . i grow up with all the book and tv seri 
? be not crazi ! we like person there ! lol 
miss his nephew / godson . come back to i mr . malachi . 
not long until our site go on line more hour to go 
that be so not nice ... just rememb that it your bed i be pee in ! enjoy sleep in the chair ... 
hope the highway be a smooth one ! 
i total take the chang of sceneri . it be great . 
hey nph , what s up with all the stripper you follow ? 
thank next time i shall be well prepar lol 
now we just need to get yvonn a blackberri and a twitter account 
friend just ask i to be his good man . guess that mean a trip to twin fall , i d next year what be the respons of a good man ? 
i have the same problem here .... but with rabbit # blib 
complet agre ... fallout boy amaz 
dang . hero and the hill amaz i tonight ! off to do more studi ! 
new to this omg 
stage be just about % complet . naw to wait a few day fo stage - to come , then bam ! ill have the hot hair in z world . 
i must have have a dozen throat coat a few day ago . ahhh , the coat . that and grand marnier do wonder for i 
receiv my bday parcel from home ! n now i can hav my tang hun , mee sua , udong mee , ligo raisin , ba hu ...... 
just publish a new post on my blog , neat print and use freebi 
goodnight miss q you take care 
( am ): lol . ur realli pretti .... so pls do pull a britney & ; haha thnx shauna ... that make i laugh 
i feel so free watch friend my favorit show ! 
whatta mess ! we should have win this ! anyway , not bad after all ! we win anoth seri abroad . 
today be the day wait to see you jacqui stop sing ladi poker face . addict xd . last day of school today ! 
today be so great . my roommat and i play some soccer and i also get a nice run in on this sunni day time for some read and sleep . 
now i happi 
tri to surviv this day although i m alon at the offic this week . ani suggest from your side to brighten my day ? thnx . 
next you be use glue stick as chapstick 
gefelicid ! ! ! 
big news andrew : i move up to sf at the end of the month ! so make the most of my last month in la . 
it can onli happen to you . 
i just think the cab ride through sofia and the walk to class will be the most interest part . 
i pretti sure the show part be just for befor the show . then it like twitter for the whole nin fan communiti . 
twitter be break , trent , they get plenti of dough 
get my beta code of bumptop need to find a machin to run it # bumptop 
just say bye to rise . :/ on the upsid , we be togeth for eleven month . 
i onli have one for now ... i love to have a herd someday ! 
miss you ! when be you free this week ? ? can we do yuri or someth ? 
- i actual want to go to disney . we see if i have time 
glad i could do my part ! worth ... if you like to help i conquer twitter , i be grate or 
this be news inde 
